# DevKit Changelog
*This readme is to give info as to the updates that happen to the files in this repository.
2/14/2017 - Sam added updated hardware files to fix the duplicate data issue with the data stream. 
2/14/2017 - Graham added updated devkit software files which takes data directly from the DRAM, processes it, and saves it to the SD card.
The data are saved in binary format and may be converted to text format with my program called bin_to_text on the shared drive.
2/24/2017 - Graham updated the LunaH devkit files, namely LApp and read_data_in which include 3 new case statement cases to allow the GUI to change various run parameters.
3/15/2017 - Graham updated two files in the devkit. Namely, LApp.c, read_data_in.c which allow the GUI that was built to access the functions of the devkit. These functions are options 10 - 13 at the 'Main Menu' and are described in more detail in the "Software versions for Luna H" word document in this repository.
3/29/2017 - GJS - Tweaked the I2C source and header files, cleaned up use of variables, and moved some declarations to LApp.h and LI2C_Interface.h. Implemented a log file system which writes to a log file that is created (or appended to) at the beginning of main. The first 10 bytes of the file are reserved; they are equal to the number of bytes written to the file plus 10. This tells the SD card functions where to write to so we preserve previous log data. This is included in the log file itself so that we may use the same log file even after power cycling the uZ board. The log file system needs testing and validation on other systems. Also added a small function to count determine the number of digits of a small (< 1000000000) (< 10^8) integer. This is useful for determining what bytes to write to the beginning of the log file.
